Alumni portal is a pan-VPM tool for connecting with Alumni , i.e students who have studied in any of the VPM insitutions.

Software requirements
1. Database design - to store contact information ( with consent ) - email id / whatsapp number etc of students / parents as applicable.
2. Facility to upload contact info from excel/csv/pdf to this database. 
3. Job portal / internship portal when alumni / staff etc can type in opportunities for students/alumni - like facebook timeline ? - filter posts by year / month / date
4. Events page - facility to post events where alumni are welcome to attend
5. Social media broadcasting - marketing tool project.
( recommended to use marketing tool as a common tool to integrate with other applications )
6. 3 roles - 1. admin, 2. student, 3. alumnus, 4. approver (for alumni pages )
7. placement partners / List of companies


Alumni portal home page - institution photo + name + logo + location

1. Student view (all read only unless specified otherwise) 
a. events at school/college - based on alumnus is part of which institution
b. job/internship portal - search feature based on date 
c. profile page - students contact info, all social media handles, whatsapp number etc 

2. Admin view
a. facility to add individual alumnus info / bulk upload alumni info from excel, search alumni, list of alumni based on batch (year, stream) 
b. facility to upload events
c. facility to broadcast messages on all social media
d. facility to upload job opportunities 
e. facility to upload internships

3. Approver view
a. all read-only. should be able to approve new jobs / internships/ events etc - everything goes via the approver


4. Newsletter 
a. All news achievemtns and other updates. VPM alumni should be able to post their ads and publicity. think about this.( Monetization ? )

5. Global spocs - alumni connection 
a. nominate and highlight volunteer co ordinator based on location - country state district city town etc .. as per data available
b. filter and search option
